Your Demat Account is just a few clicks away !
Account Number Linked to
Demat Account	
Customer ID	: XXXX576
E-mail ID	: room*****k@gmail.com
Account Options


Authorize to receive credits automatically into my/our account
Account to be operated through Power of Attorney
Mode of receiving statement of accounts
Receive SMS alerts with respect to Demat transactions
Require the access to Demat account through YES Bank Net-banking
Mode of receipt of Standard Documents
Nomination Option
The given mobile no, belongs to
The given email address, belongs to
Note: Please visit nearest branch in case you want to opt for nominee
Declaration
The rules and regulations of the Depository and Depository Participants pertaining to an account which are in force now have been read by me and I have understood the same and I agree to abide by and to be bound by the rules as are in force from time to time for such accounts. I hereby declare that the details furnished above and those taken from my savings bank account opening form are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief and I undertake to inform you of any changes therein, immediately. In case any of the above information is found to be false or untrue or misleading or misrepresenting, I am aware that I may be held liable for it. I acknowledge the receipt of copy of the document, "Rights and Obligations of the Beneficial Owner and Depository Participant" and "Schedule of Charges" and I further confirm that I have read and understood the same. I have also been informed that the standard set of documents has been displayed for information of YES Bank's designated website. i.e. www.yesbank.in
I authorize YES BANK for the following :-
To debit recover charges pertaining to maintenance of Demat Account, transaction charges, or any other charges related to Demat Account from the YES BANK savings account and to receive credit of Dividend / Interest into the YES BANK account. Further I authorize YES BANK to use the information and details furnished by me in my above savings bank account application form and use the Signature, KYC documents submitted at the time of opening of such savings account for the purpose of opening my Demat account and to use the Mobile No. and Email ID details as provided therein for sending any SMS Alert or Email communication for my depository account.
I authorize YES BANK to share with YES Securities my KYC details, documents, photo, signature and other relevant documents maintained with YES BANK for opening YES Securities Trading account opening formalities as may be.
I hereby declare that the rules and regulations of the Depository and Depository Participants pertaining to an account which are in force now have been read by me and I have understood the same and I agree to abide by and to be bound by the rules as are in force from time to time for such accounts. I hereby declare that the details furnished above and those taken from my savings bank account opening form are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief and I undertake to inform you of any changes therein, immediately. I further confirm that the mobile number and email id updated at the time of opening of such savings account belongs to me. In case any of the above information is found to be false or untrue or misleading or misrepresenting, I am aware that I may be held liable for it and also confirm that I have read and understood the, "Rights and Obligations of the Beneficial Owner and Depository Participant" and "Schedule of Charges" and I further confirm that I have read and understood the same.
I hereby agree and voluntarily declare that I have no objection in authenticating myself with Aadhaar based OTP authentication for the purpose of opening of Demat account with YES BANK LTD availing banking service including operation of the Demat account or any other facility related to banking operation and to provide my Aadhar number and demographic information for such authentication. By entering the OTP, I hereby submit my application to open a Demat account with YES Bank, and agree to all the terms and conditions, declarations and covenants contained hereinabove as well as in "Rights and Obligations of the Beneficial Owner and Depository Participant".
I/We hereby acknowledge and agreed to Schedule of Charges and Rights and Obligations
